README.md, before:

<a href="https://demo-nextjs-with-supabase.vercel.app/">
  <img alt="Next.js and Supabase Starter Kit - the fastest way to build apps with Next.js and Supabase" src="https://demo-nextjs-with-supabase.vercel.app/opengraph-image.png">
  <h1 align="center">Next.js and Supabase Starter Kit</h1>
</a>

<p align="center">
 The fastest way to build apps with Next.js and Supabase
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#features"><strong>Features</strong></a> ·
  <a href="#demo"><strong>Demo</strong></a> ·
  <a href="#deploy-to-vercel"><strong>Deploy to Vercel</strong></a> ·
  <a href="#clone-and-run-locally"><strong>Clone and run locally</strong></a> ·
  <a href="#feedback-and-issues"><strong>Feedback and issues</strong></a>
  <a href="#more-supabase-examples"><strong>More Examples</strong></a>
</p>
<br/>

## Features

- Works across the entire [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) stack
  - App Router
  - Pages Router
  - Middleware
  - Client
  - Server
  - It just works!
- supabase-ssr. A package to configure Supabase Auth to use cookies
- Styling with [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)
- Components with [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/)
- Optional deployment with [Supabase Vercel Integration and Vercel deploy](#deploy-your-own)
  - Environment variables automatically assigned to Vercel project

## Demo

You can view a fully working demo at [demo-nextjs-with-supabase.vercel.app](https://demo-nextjs-with-supabase.vercel.app/).

## Deploy to Vercel

Vercel deployment will guide you through creating a Supabase account and project.

After installation of the Supabase integration, all relevant environment variables will be assigned to the project so the deployment is fully functioning.

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fvercel%2Fnext.js%2Ftree%2Fcanary%2Fexamples%2Fwith-supabase&project-name=nextjs-with-supabase&repository-name=nextjs-with-supabase&demo-title=nextjs-with-supabase&demo-description=This+starter+configures+Supabase+Auth+to+use+cookies%2C+making+the+user%27s+session+available+throughout+the+entire+Next.js+app+-+Client+Components%2C+Server+Components%2C+Route+Handlers%2C+Server+Actions+and+Middleware.&demo-url=https%3A%2F%2Fdemo-nextjs-with-supabase.vercel.app%2F&external-id=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fvercel%2Fnext.js%2Ftree%2Fcanary%2Fexamples%2Fwith-supabase&demo-image=https%3A%2F%2Fdemo-nextjs-with-supabase.vercel.app%2Fopengraph-image.png)

The above will also clone the Starter kit to your GitHub, you can clone that locally and develop locally.

If you wish to just develop locally and not deploy to Vercel, [follow the steps below](#clone-and-run-locally).

## Clone and run locally

1. You'll first need a Supabase project which can be made [via the Supabase dashboard](https://database.new)

2. Create a Next.js app using the Supabase Starter template npx command

   ```bash
   npx create-next-app --example with-supabase with-supabase-app
   ```

   ```bash
   yarn create next-app --example with-supabase with-supabase-app
   ```

   ```bash
   pnpm create next-app --example with-supabase with-supabase-app
   ```

3. Use `cd` to change into the app's directory

   ```bash
   cd with-supabase-app
   ```

4. Rename `.env.example` to `.env.local` and update the following:

   ```
   NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=[INSERT SUPABASE PROJECT URL]
   NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=[INSERT SUPABASE PROJECT API ANON KEY]
   ```

   Both `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL` and `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY` can be found in [your Supabase project's API settings](https://app.supabase.com/project/_/settings/api)

5. You can now run the Next.js local development server:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

   The starter kit should now be running on [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000/).

6. This template comes with the default shadcn/ui style initialized. If you instead want other ui.shadcn styles, delete `components.json` and [re-install shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/installation/next)

> Check out [the docs for Local Development](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/getting-started/local-development) to also run Supabase locally.

## Feedback and issues

Please file feedback and issues over on the [Supabase GitHub org](https://github.com/supabase/supabase/issues/new/choose).

## More Supabase examples

- [Next.js Subscription Payments Starter](https://github.com/vercel/nextjs-subscription-payments)
- [Cookie-based Auth and the Next.js 13 App Router (free course)](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL5S4mPUpp4OtMhpnp93EFSo42iQ40XjbF)
- [Supabase Auth and the Next.js App Router](https://github.com/supabase/supabase/tree/master/examples/auth/nextjs)

Commit message:

Edit README and added code to display data from supabase

README.md, after:

<a href="https://demo-nextjs-with-supabase.vercel.app/">
  <img alt="Next.js and Supabase Starter Kit - the fastest way to build apps with Next.js and Supabase" src="https://demo-nextjs-with-supabase.vercel.app/opengraph-image.png">
  <h1 align="center">Next.js and Supabase Starter Kit</h1>
</a>

<p align="center">
 The fastest way to build apps with Next.js and Supabase
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#features"><strong>Features</strong></a> ·
  <a href="#demo"><strong>Demo</strong></a> ·
  <a href="#deploy-to-vercel"><strong>Deploy to Vercel</strong></a> ·
  <a href="#clone-and-run-locally"><strong>Clone and run locally</strong></a> ·
  <a href="#feedback-and-issues"><strong>Feedback and issues</strong></a>
  <a href="#more-supabase-examples"><strong>More Examples</strong></a>
</p>
<br/>

## Features

- Works across the entire [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) stack
  - App Router
  - Pages Router
  - Middleware
  - Client
  - Server
  - It just works!
- supabase-ssr. A package to configure Supabase Auth to use cookies
- Styling with [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)
- Components with [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/)
- Optional deployment with [Supabase Vercel Integration and Vercel deploy](#deploy-your-own)
  - Environment variables automatically assigned to Vercel project

## Demo

You can view a fully working demo at [demo-nextjs-with-supabase.vercel.app](https://demo-nextjs-with-supabase.vercel.app/).

## Deploy to Vercel

Vercel deployment will guide you through creating a Supabase account and project.

After installation of the Supabase integration, all relevant environment variables will be assigned to the project so the deployment is fully functioning.

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fvercel%2Fnext.js%2Ftree%2Fcanary%2Fexamples%2Fwith-supabase&project-name=nextjs-with-supabase&repository-name=nextjs-with-supabase&demo-title=nextjs-with-supabase&demo-description=This+starter+configures+Supabase+Auth+to+use+cookies%2C+making+the+user%27s+session+available+throughout+the+entire+Next.js+app+-+Client+Components%2C+Server+Components%2C+Route+Handlers%2C+Server+Actions+and+Middleware.&demo-url=https%3A%2F%2Fdemo-nextjs-with-supabase.vercel.app%2F&external-id=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fvercel%2Fnext.js%2Ftree%2Fcanary%2Fexamples%2Fwith-supabase&demo-image=https%3A%2F%2Fdemo-nextjs-with-supabase.vercel.app%2Fopengraph-image.png)

The above will also clone the Starter kit to your GitHub, you can clone that locally and develop locally.

If you wish to just develop locally and not deploy to Vercel, [follow the steps below](#clone-and-run-locally).

## Clone and run locally

1. Create a Supabase account and ask us to invite you.

2. Clone the repo and install the dependencies.

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
4. Rename `.env.example` to `.env.local` and update the following:

   ```
   NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=[INSERT SUPABASE PROJECT URL]
   NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=[INSERT SUPABASE PROJECT API ANON KEY]
   ```

   Both `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL` and `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY` can be found in [your Supabase project's API settings](https://app.supabase.com/project/_/settings/api)

5. Uncomment the code inside temp/page.tsx. You can now run the Next.js local development server:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

   The starter kit should now be running on [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000/). 
   
   And you should be able to see a row of the Spotivis table on [localhost:3000/temp](http://localhost:3000/temp). 



7. This template comes with the default shadcn/ui style initialized. If you instead want other ui.shadcn styles, delete `components.json` and [re-install shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/installation/next)

> Check out [the docs for Local Development](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/getting-started/local-development) to also run Supabase locally.

## Feedback and issues

Please file feedback and issues over on the [Supabase GitHub org](https://github.com/supabase/supabase/issues/new/choose).

## More Supabase examples

- [Next.js Subscription Payments Starter](https://github.com/vercel/nextjs-subscription-payments)
- [Cookie-based Auth and the Next.js 13 App Router (free course)](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL5S4mPUpp4OtMhpnp93EFSo42iQ40XjbF)
- [Supabase Auth and the Next.js App Router](https://github.com/supabase/supabase/tree/master/examples/auth/nextjs)
